feat: re-structure documentation (#215)
rancher/turtles-docs: docs/next/modules/en/pages/tutorials/uninstall.adoc

Remember that, if you use a different name for the installation or a different namespace, you may need to customize the command for your specific configuration.
====

[CAUTION]
====
When installing {product_name} in your Rancher environment, by default, {product_name} enables the Cluster API Operator cleanup. This includes cleaning up Cluster API Operator specific webhooks and deployments that otherwise cause issues with Rancher provisioning.

> To simplify uninstalling {product_name} (via Rancher Manager or helm command), the official {product_name} Helm chart includes a `post-delete` hook that applies these changes, making it transparent to the end user:
> 
> * Delete the `mutating-webhook-configuration` and `validating-webhook-configuration` webhooks that are no longer needed.
> * Delete the CAPI `deployments` that are no longer needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify uninstalling {product_name} (via Rancher Manager or helm command), the official {product_name} Helm chart includes a `post-delete` hook that applies the following changes, making it transparent to the end user:

* It deletes the `mutating-webhook-configuration` and `validating-webhook-configuration` webhooks that are no longer needed.
* It deletes the CAPI `deployments` that are no longer needed.
```

I suggested this change (`Delete` to `It deletes`) to make it clear there's no ask for the user to act on this.
